Dear XXXXX

Dear, it's concern; I'm writing you to explain that many students are tired of students in their school not returning books to their school library. Many students have report due on a book that a fellow classmate didn't return. Many students either forget they have a book out or even past due. So it makes it hard upon the student who is trying to do a report. If the books, music, magazines and etc, are not return people should have to be punished more than just having to pay a overdue fee.

I have witnesses a lot of students who didn't either want to turn in the book thr checked out. We the junior class at my high school had a term paper that we need books, newspaper, internet and magazines. Lucky, The senior class turned in all of their book, newspaper, internet, magazines and etc, that they used on their term papers, we the junior class were able to success on our term paper. But many juniors still haven't return the materials they have used. The teachers have threaten them with overdue fees and or have to pay for the listed material. I see that having to pay an overdue fee and or have to pay for the listed materials doesn't bother them. Even though teachers makes them pay the future classes will have to struggle and go out and purchase books, magazines, and etc, The classes that have to take classes classes next year and do their term paper will not be able to success. It is unfair they have to worry will have the materials they need for them to success and do their term paper. I think if the schools took time out and got parents involved. They wouldn't have as many students would didn't follow rules. Students think that their teachers can't tell them what to so maybe if their parents were involves they would follow directions and turn in their books, magazines and etc, 

In conclusion, If someone wants to take a book they should get a lot of their personal information as well as their school name. If people don't return their books their want be any thing left for other people to use. So I say everybody do have the right to use the books, music, movies magazine and etc To their advantage. Just try to remember to return them for other students as well.
