People have a choice on the types of literature they want to read wether it offends them or not the chose to read it. Books should not be removed from the shelves of libraries. They need to try to avoid the books that might be offensive to them. Now if they ca nt then that s not the libraries fault.

Books should not be removed for many reasons. One of the many reasons books should not be removed is because they know the risk they take when entering a library, and that's their decision that they are making and sometimes decisions have consequences. When and if they are offended, they will know the types of books that offended them so they would just have to do a little better job of avoiding those books. 

Another reason would be the libraries don't know what offends people it can be one little thing in a book but that doesn't mean that book should be removed from the shelfs. Also just cause one person thinks its offensive doesn't mean that others will. People arn't all offended by the same thing some people are offended by little things, meaning they 're offended easily, some arn't offended so easy, that means it make take more serious things than a book to offend a person.

Another reason books shouldn't be removed is because students need them for projects and school assignments. Some school assignments require you getting a little offended especially if your african American and you get an assignment on slavery or something during that time. But we need to learn about past experiences and our history and we couldn't do that if some people are trying to remove some of those books from the shelf. You might get offended but there is no reason to remove that book that others will need at sometime. Find another way to solve that problem. There are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone. There is no need to completely remove the book.

Another solution would be to maybe separate the books, meaning put the books in a different location of the library if the get more than a couple complaints of being offensive. Also when someone check out a book the librarian can warn them that the book has been tagged with a yellow sticker and its possible that it doesn't offend them. That s why removing books from shelves arn't cause for.
