In our public libraries we can find books that are related to slavery, drugs, gangs, prostitution and violence. Theses books all have history in them of our past. We cannot, as a society, forget our past because as many historains say, history repeats its self. If we start censoring our libraries then all that history will be forgoten, and/or lost.

      Libraries can help us in many different ways. They help us with school projects, bussiness projects, and libraries better our knoweldge as a person. You cannot go censoring the libraries just because someone finds a book offesive. The stories of slavory are still taken offensively amoug people today, but if we start taking stories about people who have been enslaved and hide them from the poeple, we will slip back into that terrible past.

      There are gang stories of terrifying people, such as Al Capone. He killed many people, destroyed many shops and probably even sold a lot of drugs. We need history to show our weakness as a nation and not hide because of this weakness but thrive on it to better our cities, better our police training, and most importantly, better the next generation of kids to be raised better.

      There is more than just books at the public library, there are movies and documentaries of our nation and the World. Movies that talk about World War One and World War Two. These types of movies can show how horrifying War really is and how cruel people can get. During World War Two, there was the Holocaust where six million jews lost their lives because one person, Hitler, did not like them. People made movies like those to show the World how devestating man can be but people have made movies on amazing discoveries and amazing places. For example Einstein. One of the greatest findings amoug the World.\n      Music can also be a good way to better ones self. If you play an instrument and you need music to play to, why not go to the library to get some? You dont have to worry about payin for a dollar cd and you can use it until your done with it then return. Then with how advanced our technokwledge is, people can get cd's to burn on to a computer and put on their ipod or MP3 player. Plus the library is a good place to just go look for music you like.

      So, should there be censorship in our libraries? NO! There should not and the key reason as to why is because it is history. History of our country, history of our World, and history of sad and hard times. Instead of censoring our youth of today from history we need to set age limits. Young people of a certain age can not read certain books unless they are with a parent or gaurdian. That is one simple way to keep our kids from readin to mature thing but still able to get the history he/she needs because as historains always say, history repeats its self and as a growing nation, we need to better ourselves in every way possible. The answer to that is through our history.
